Port not specified in the toml config file. (#97)
simular-ai/Agent-S: README.md

   ```bash
   docker compose up -d
   ```

> 5. Export your Perplexica URL using the port found in the `docker-compose.yaml` file. The port before the colon : in the perplexica app represents the port exposed by your host machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Export your Perplexica URL using the port found in the `[docker-compose.yaml](https://github.com/ItzCrazyKns/Perplexica/blob/master/docker-compose.yaml)` file Under `app/ports`, you'll see `3000:3000`. The port is the left-hand number (in this case, 3000).
```
